Claims
1. A chainsaw hanger comprising a substantially planar face with a substantially J-shaped support arm extending perpendicular to the substantially planar face and vertically downward therefrom, curving to form a horizontal portion parallel to and spaced laterally from the substantially planar face, and a vertical portion extending upward towards a bottom surface of the substantially planar face and spaced laterally therefrom.

There is no longer a substancially planar face, just a mounting surface. The support arm is now functionally L shaped and extends horizontally from the side of the bracket. There is no vertical portion extending upward to the bottom surface of the (now no longer existent) planar face.


2. The chainsaw hanger of claim 1, wherein the substantially planar face is substantially rectangular.

The substantially planar face is now circular and distinctly different from the patent pending design.


3. The chainsaw hanger of claim 1, wherein the substantially planar face has mounting holes formed therein.

Simple wall mounting holes are not a patentable design choice, however mine differ substantially in both form and function from the patent pending design.


4. The chainsaw hanger of claim 1, wherein an end of the substantially J-shaped support arm forms a square surface with rounded edges.

The support arm is no longer rounded, but instead chamfered. Support arm is rectangular in section rather than square.


5. The chainsaw hanger of claim 1, further comprising a chain and bar holder.

My design does not comprise a chain and bar holder.


6. The chainsaw hanger of claim 1, wherein when the substantially planar face is attached to a wall, the substantially J-shaped support arm is effective to support a chain saw in a vertical position abutting the wall.

The bracket does still support a chainsaw being mounted on the wall, as that is the primary function of any chainsaw hanging bracket.


7. The chainsaw hanger of claim 1, wherein the substantially planar face is substantially rectangular with mounting holes formed therein, an end of the substantially J-shaped support arm forms a square surface with rounded edges, such that when the substantially planar face is attached to a wall, the substantially J-shaped support arm is effective to support a chain saw in a vertical position abutting the wall.

This information appears to be the same as the claims above.


8. A lockable chainsaw hanger comprising a substantially planar face with a substantially J-shaped support arm extending perpendicular to the substantially planar face and vertically downward therefrom, curving to form a horizontal portion parallel to and spaced laterally from the substantially planar face, and a vertical portion extending upward towards a bottom surface of the substantially planar face and spaced laterally therefrom; wherein the substantially J-shaped support arm has a pair of apertures spaced to accommodate a U-shaped rod having a first leg and a second leg extending downward from the J-shaped support arm and wherein the first leg is slidably and rotatably secured within the J-shaped support arm.

My design does not incorporate a locking mechanism.


9. The lockable chainsaw hanger of claim 8, wherein the U-shaped rod has an aperture adjacent an end of the second leg adapted to receive a lock shackle.

My design does not incorporate a locking mechanism.


10. The lockable chainsaw hanger of claim 8, wherein a spring surrounds the first leg and is secured to the first leg with washers and a pin.

My design does not incorporate a locking mechanism.

